Direct Currency Converter for SeaMonkey

Version: 2.0.3.0
Date: 2015-06-02

After installation, you'll have two new buttons in the browser toolbar.

Conversion is enabled or disabled by the "Toggle currency conversion" button.

The settings tab is opened with the "Open settings" button.
Changed settings are saved with the "Save" button in the settings tab.
Settings can be reset to default with the "Reset" button.

Currency rates are taken from Yahoo Finance and updated when you start the browser or when you switch currency.

Your location is used to set your default region and currency (for example Finland - euro). It is guessed using the freegeoip.net service.

If conversion does not work, it probably means that there was no reply from Yahoo. Try to reload the browser (F5 button) and check the internet connection. Also, force a reload by switching "to currency" from settings tab, save, and reload the web pages.

You can convert to and from any existing currency code as defined by ISO 4217, including precious metals, if Yahoo provides a conversion rate for the currency.
There are currently 16 codes with no conversion rates: BOV, CHE, CHW, COU, CUC, SSP, USN, UYI, XBA, XBB, XBC, XBD, XSU, XTS, XUA, XXX.

A few currencies (CHF, DKK, EUR, GBP, ISK, JPY, NOK, RUB, SEK and USD) are pre-selected for conversion. You can select all currencies, but having too many currencies selected may clutter the pages and result in slow performance.

The conversion is made according to a best guess, checking for ISO currency codes (USD), the currency name in plain text (dollars) and popular abbreviations (US$).
Also, currency names in several languages are checked, for example Arabic, Thai and Mongol.
Ambiguous currencies are converted in the priority order you want. For instance, "kr" can mean SEK, DKK, NOK or ISK, and is converted to the first possible currency
in the currency list in the settings tab.
The "from currency" code is shown in brackets after the original value like this: 6,67 € (60 kr [SEK]).

Amounts without units are not converted.
Also, if amount and unit are in different HTML elements (for example when they have different colours or sizes) conversion cannot be done.

Currencies in PDF files shown in Firefox (using pdf.js) are converted too, if possible. Converted elements are then shown with a light yellow background.

Optionally, if selected in the settings tab, some traditional units of measurement (such as miles and calories) are converted to SI units (such as kilometres and kilojoules).

Based on code from Simple Currency Converter
https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/simple-currency-converter/

Runs on SeaMonkey version 2.30 and later versions.
Also runs on Firefox, but better use  https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/direct-currency-converter-2/

External libraries used:
jQuery 2.1.3
jQuery UI 1.11.2

Icons provided by Iconfinder.

Author: Per Johansson, Johanssons Informationsteknik JOINT, Åland Islands, Finland.

History

Version: 2.0.0.0
Date: 2014-12-19
Ported from the Firefox version.

Version: 2.0.0.1
Date: 2014-12-21
Fixed JavaScript compilation error.
Using JQuery UI with same hash code as AMO does.

Version: 2.0.0.2
Date: 2015-01-27
Fixed button styles.
Fixed logged errors.

Version: 2.0.2.0
Date: 2015-01-28
Improved support for USD and GHC.
Fixed error with decimal calculation.

Version: 2.0.2.1
Date: 2015-02-10
Fixed buttons settings.

Version: 2.0.3.0
Date: 2015-06-02
Added support for US cents (¢, ￠).
Fixed "ReferenceError: tabBrowser is not defined"
Improved support for non-English characters in price matches.
Internal change: rewrote price regexes.
Internal change: Updated jQuery and jQuery UI versions.